Sl 19
Please avoid laughing.
Now and long time ago, everything was a change.
There was a mountain called Koiyamae.
But now it's not there.
It's not there.
It's changed its name.
It's called Jaro-hikku.
It's a very famous mountain.
Oh, what if it wakes up?
Is it still sleeping?
It's going to be a headache today.
It's waking up.
If it wakes up, what if it opens the door?
It's a little open.
What?
It's going to open.
If you push it, it will open immediately.
Don't push it too hard.
If you push it, the can will turn over.
Oh, if you push it, it will fly away.
That's right.
The can will turn over.
What are you doing in this garden?
It's a little messy.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea.
I'm not sure.
The can will turn over.
What?
There was a can.
The can was broken.
I pushed it and it turned over.
It was a can.
I wonder if there is another one.
The wings of the can go up.
I'm not sure.
What are you doing?
Why are you telling me a lie?
What's wrong with you?
It's a mountain.
You know the mountain.
You know, it's a sick mate.
He is sick.
I don't know if he was sick.
You don't know the cause of this illness.
That's fine.
Why are you laughing?
I can't laugh.
I see.
If you laugh,
I'm going to die.
Tell me if I'm not laughing.
I will laugh.
You stumbled.
When I did, what did you say?
I say, give give.
You need the hugs back.
Is that so?
I don't know how I think of myself.
I am not giving.
I don't know but I was here last night at work.
She is sick.
When I said I wanted to play,erte participating the game,
I thought you wanted to get injured,
I didn't.
It is Yokumihana.
I returned home when I had 그럼umavo gone .
At that time I saw enough of this Jacobnut money .
It must be aLso I should tell my wife that I fell in love with a Jacobnut.
So, in
We would leave it there
I think these burns are sustainable